hello and welcome to this Kenwood
product tutorial today I'm going to be
talking about Kenwood's advanced
smartphone integration for the iPhone 5
when you connect your iPhone to your
current car radio does it allow you to
access the music it might play iPod or
even Pandora but what if you are able to
view your entire iPhone 5 screen on your
car stereo with Kenwood advanced
smartphone integration you can do all of
the above
when you connect an iPhone 5 to a
compatible Kenwood multimedia receiver
the iPhone 5 screen is completely
mirrored onto the kenwood screen this
allows you to view any and all
applications you want it also integrates
all of the iPod music as well as I Heart
Radio and Pandora internet radio
applications mirroring the iPhone 5 on
to the kenwood screen offers a way for
you to access your favorite applications
in the car you can stream video like
Netflix or YouTube and we're open any of
your music streaming services like
Rhapsody or Spotify for safety reasons
some of the content will be restricted
when the vehicle is in motion for
kenwood receivers that don't offer
built-in navigation the iPhone 5
provides a way to add navigation through
applications like Google Maps Garmin or
Waze on certain Kenwood receivers the
Waze navigation app can not only be
viewed on the kenwood screen it can also
be controlled from the touchscreen this
provides a safe and cost-effective way
to add navigation when the iPhone 5 is
connected and the Waze app is opened the
Kenwood receiver will take control of
the application allowing you to remotely
operate it from the kenwood touch screen
you can browse from the map select a
point of interest and even choose from
one of your favorite saved locations
Waze is a free navigation application
for the iPhone 5 that incorporates the
benefits of social media users can
report traffic and weather incidents as
well as find friends that are also using
Waze navigation applications like Waze
and Google Maps can be viewed while the
vehicle is in motion
in addition to screen mirroring Kenwood
receivers also provide access to the
music you have stored on the iPhone
through the iPod source you can browse
all of the music
even see track info and album artwork
internet radio is one of the most common
ways we access our favorite music today
Kenwood multimedia receivers are also
compatible with Pandora and I Heart
Radio which are the two most popular
streaming music applications when the
iPhone is connected the receiver takes
control of the application allowing you
to control it from the kenwood touch
screen browse all of your stations and
view track information album artwork and
even like or dislike a song please visit
an authorized Kenwood retailer for more
information on Kenwood advanced
smartphone integration for the iPhone 5
also visit
you